# MeepMeep #
MeepMeep is a simple sample of a workload console app that can be used to simulate workloads against a Couchbase cluster using the .Net client.

# Usage #
MeepMeep is a simple console application. Run it with the switch `-h` or `--help` to get presented by the existing switches.

Please note that the two `workloads` currently shipped with MeepMeep: `AddJsonDocumentWorkload` and  `AddAndGetJsonDocumentWorkload`; does not `Flush` the bucket, hence if you execute twice without flushing and not tweaking any of the options: `-doc-key-prefix` or `doc-key-seed`; you will get key violations upon insert.

The options are:

    -n, --nodes                (Default: "http://127.0.0.1:8091/pools") Space
                               separated list of nodes to connect to.

    -b, --bucket               (Default: "default") Name of the Bucket

    -p, --bucketpassword       (Default: "") Password for the bucket.

    -c, --num-clients          (Default: 1) Number of client sessions.

    -d, --num-docs             (Default: 1) Number of documents to work with (per
                               client session).

    --doc-sample-path          (Default: "") Path to a file with a UTF8 JSON
                               document, e.g used for inserts.

    --doc-key-prefix           (Default: "MeepMeep") Used as a prefix to
                               generated document keys.

    --doc-key-seed             (Default: 0) Used as a starting seed when
                               generating document keys.

    --clusteruser              (Default: "") Username for the cluster.

    --clusterpassword          (Default: "") Password for the cluster.

    --max-concurrency-level    (Default: <null>) Will control the maximum
                               concurrency level used to control how many client
                               tasks that will be executed in parallel.

    --threadpool-min           (Default: <null>) Min number of threads to be set
                               on the underlying shared threadpool.

    --threadpool-max           (Default: <null>) Max number of threads to be set
                               on the underlying shared threadpool.

    -w, --warmup-ms            (Default: 500) Determines how long time (ms) it
                               takes before a work load's result is seen as being
                               part of the testrun.

    -v, --verbose              (Default: False) Determines detail level of output
                               generated by output writers etc.

    -h, --help                 Display this help screen.

# Get up and running with the source code #
The Sample has been written using Visual Studio 2012, targetting .Net v4.0, so you should be able to use it with Visual Studio 2010 as well. Please note. **No NuGet packages are checked in**. To get your project up and running you need to install the missing NuGet packages using the provided PowerShell script:

    ps:> .\setup-devenv.ps1

or

    cmd:> powershell -executionpolicy unrestricted .\setup-devenv.ps1

This will also install any missing NuGet packages in the Couchbase client solution as well, so that MeepMeep can be compiled referencing the Couchbase client projects.

For the script to work, you need to have [the NuGet command line](http://nuget.codeplex.com/releases) `(NuGet.exe) registrered in the environment path`, or you need to tweak the script so it knows where it will find your NuGet.exe.

# License #
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Daniel Wertheim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.