# MeepMeep #
MeepMeep is a simple sample of a workload console app that can be used to simulate workloads against a Couchbase cluster using the .Net client.

# Usage #
MeepMeep is a simple console application. Run it with the switch `-h` or `--help` to get presented by the existing switches.

Please note that the three `workloads` currently shipped with MeepMeep: `MutationPercentage`, `AddJsonDocumentWorkload` and  `AddAndGetJsonDocumentWorkload`.

The options are:

    -n, --nodes                (Default: "http://127.0.0.1:8091/pools") Space
                               separated list of nodes to connect to.

    -b, --bucket               (Default: "default") Name of the Bucket

    -p, --bucketpassword       (Default: "") Password for the bucket.

    -c, --num-clients          (Default: 1) Number of client sessions.

    -d, --num-docs             (Default: 1) Number of documents to work with (per
                               client session).

    --doc-sample-path          (Default: "") Path to a file with a UTF8 JSON
                               document, e.g used for inserts.

    --doc-key-prefix           (Default: "MeepMeep") Used as a prefix to
                               generated document keys.

    --doc-key-seed             (Default: 0) Used as a starting seed when
                               generating document keys.

    --doc-key-range            (Default: 1000) The maximum range of document IDs
                               use above doc-key-seed.

    --clusteruser              (Default: "") Username for the cluster.

    --clusterpassword          (Default: "") Password for the cluster.

    --max-concurrency-level    (Default: <null>) Will control the maximum
                               concurrency level used to control how many client
                               tasks that will be executed in parallel.

    --threadpool-min           (Default: <null>) Min number of threads to be set
                               on the underlying shared threadpool.

    --threadpool-max           (Default: <null>) Max number of threads to be set
                               on the underlying shared threadpool.

    -w, --warmup-ms            (Default: 500) Determines how long time (ms) it
                               takes before a work load's result is seen as being
                               part of the testrun.

    -v, --verbose              (Default: False) Determines detail level of output
                               generated by output writers etc.

    -r, --mutation-percentage  (Default: 0.33) The percentage of operations that
                               should be mutations.

    --workload-type            (Default: MutationPercentage) The type of workload
                               to be used.

    -t, --enable-timings       (Default: true) Time operations and output at end
                               of workload.

    -h, --help                 Display this help screen.
